README.md, before:

# Rythmo 🚀

## What is Rythmo? 🤔
Rythmo is a web application that allows students to manage their time and tasks in a more efficient way. It is designed to help students organize their daily routines and improve their productivity.

As part of Software Process, we have developed this project using the Scrum methodology. We have divided the project into sprints, each one with its own goals and tasks. We have also used Jira to manage the project and Miro to create the wireframes and mockups.

## Getting Started 🚀

Follow these steps to get the application up and running:

1. 🖥️ **Open your terminal**
2. 📁 **Navigate to the project directory**
3. 📥 **Install the dependencies** by running the following command: 
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

4. 🚀 **Start the application** by running the following command: 
    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```

5. 🌐 **Open your browser** and go to `http://localhost:4321/`

## Credits 👨‍💻
|      Name      |                           Github                         |                                   LinkedIn                                      |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Daniel Santos  | [@danisntoss](https://github.com/danisntoss)             | [Daniel Santos](https://www.linkedin.com/in/danisntoss/)                      |
| Diego Sánchez  | [@CuB1z](https://github.com/CuB1z)                       | [Diego Sánchez](https://www.linkedin.com/in/cub1z/)                             |
| David Pimentel | [@daaaviid-03](https://github.com/daaaviid-03)           | [David Pimentel](https://www.linkedin.com/in/david-pimentel-montes/)            |
| Juan Ramírez   | [@Jrambla5](https://github.com/Jrambla5)                 | [Juan Ramírez](https://www.linkedin.com/in/juan-ram%C3%ADrez-blanco-1440a723a/) |
| Hugo Sánchez   | [@stHugo010](https://github.com/stHugo010)               | [Hugo Sánchez](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hugo-sanchez-torres-013b97252/)      |
| Jorge Ramírez  | [@jorgeramirezgayo](https://github.com/jorgeramirezgayo) | ----                                                                            |
| Alejandro Rico | [@ALEJANDR0-RIC0](https://github.com/ALEJANDR0-RIC0)     | ----                                                                            |
| Olga Somalo    | [@olga-ssf](https://github.com/olga-ssf)                 | [Olga Somalo](https://www.linkedin.com/in/olga-somalo-serrano-88620331b/)       |

---

Commit message:

file: add a license to the project

README.md, after:

# Rythmo 🚀

## What is Rythmo? 🤔
Rythmo is a web application that allows students to manage their time and tasks in a more efficient way. It is designed to help students organize their daily routines and improve their productivity.

As part of Software Process, we have developed this project using the Scrum methodology. We have divided the project into sprints, each one with its own goals and tasks. We have also used Jira to manage the project and Miro to create the wireframes and mockups.

## Getting Started 🚀

Follow these steps to get the application up and running:

1. 🖥️ **Open your terminal**
2. 📁 **Navigate to the project directory**
3. 📥 **Install the dependencies** by running the following command: 
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

4. 🚀 **Start the application** by running the following command: 
    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```

5. 🌐 **Open your browser** and go to `http://localhost:4321/`

## Credits 👨‍💻
| Name           | Github                                                   | LinkedIn                                                                        |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Daniel Santos  | [@danisntoss](https://github.com/danisntoss)             | [Daniel Santos](https://www.linkedin.com/in/danisntoss/)                        |
| Diego Sánchez  | [@CuB1z](https://github.com/CuB1z)                       | [Diego Sánchez](https://www.linkedin.com/in/cub1z/)                             |
| David Pimentel | [@daaaviid-03](https://github.com/daaaviid-03)           | [David Pimentel](https://www.linkedin.com/in/david-pimentel-montes/)            |
| Juan Ramírez   | [@Jrambla5](https://github.com/Jrambla5)                 | [Juan Ramírez](https://www.linkedin.com/in/juan-ram%C3%ADrez-blanco-1440a723a/) |
| Hugo Sánchez   | [@stHugo010](https://github.com/stHugo010)               | [Hugo Sánchez](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hugo-sanchez-torres-013b97252/)      |
| Jorge Ramírez  | [@jorgeramirezgayo](https://github.com/jorgeramirezgayo) | ----                                                                            |
| Alejandro Rico | [@ALEJANDR0-RIC0](https://github.com/ALEJANDR0-RIC0)     | ----                                                                            |
| Olga Somalo    | [@olga-ssf](https://github.com/olga-ssf)                 | [Olga Somalo](https://www.linkedin.com/in/olga-somalo-serrano-88620331b/)       |

---

## License 📄

Rythmo (c) by the Rythmo Team developers.

This project is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License.

You should have received a copy of the license along with this work. If not, see <http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/>.

---
